Use config only if multi_gpu (#2)
anhuong/fms-hf-tuning: build/README.md

}
```

> The expectation is that `num_processes` is always passed in by the user. When `num_processes` is greater than 1, the [FSDP config](https://github.com/foundation-model-stack/fms-hf-tuning/blob/main/fixtures/accelerate_fsdp_defaults.yaml) is used by default. Any of these values can be overwritten by passing in flags via the JSON config or by passing in your own config file using key `config_file`.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
Users should always set `num_processes` to be explicit about the number of processes to run tuning on. When `num_processes` is greater than 1, the [FSDP config](https://github.com/foundation-model-stack/fms-hf-tuning/blob/main/fixtures/accelerate_fsdp_defaults.yaml) is used by default. Any of these values can be overwritten by passing in flags via `accelerate_launch_args` in the JSON config or by passing in your own config file using key `config_file`.
```
